GH-116380: Speed up `glob.glob()` by removing some system calls (#116392)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

  reduces memory usage.
  (Contributed by Kumar Aditya in :gh:`107803`.)

glob
----

* :func:`glob.glob` and :func:`~glob.iglob` no longer make some unnecessary

>   system calls. This speeds up most globbing operations by 20-80%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reduce the number of system calls in :func:`glob.glob` and :func:`~glob.iglob`,
  thereby improving the speed of globbing operations by 20-80%.
```

If you want an alternative wording to avoid explaining about those "some unnecessary system calls" (my first question was "what were they?").
